----------------------------------------
Installation
----------------------------------------

Dependencies
------------

The OntoNotes DB Tool is implemented in Python, using a MySQL database
and Python access routines from the MySQLdb package.  Users will need
to have Python installed, and if they wish to use any of the code that
works with the database they will need MySQL as well.

Python
~~~~~~
The tool was designed under Python 2.5, but should work on any later
Python 2.x release.  Python 3 is not supported, though users working
with Python 3 might have success with the official Python 2.x to 3.0
'2to3' `converter <http://docs.python.org/library/2to3.html>`_.

MySQL and MySQLdb
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

These two dependencies are optional, but recomended.  The tool can
function in two modes, either reading information from the filesystem
or the database.  To have the latter mode available, you must have a
MySQL database to store the data as well as the MySQLdb Python module.
You can download MySQL from http://dev.mysql.com/downloads/ and
MySQLdb from http://sourceforge.net/projects/mysql-python.

The version of MySQL that we have tested the OntoNotes DB Tool is
version 5.0, but we do not use much of the newly added functionality
as of now, and so an earlier version of MySQL will do as well -- in
case you already have it installed.  We would highly recommend using
version 4.1 or later as they have better Unicode support.  This is
quite important, as all the data uses the UTF-8 character encoding.

.. seealso::

  `Official MySQL Documentation <http://dev.mysql.com/doc/>`_
   Extensive documentation on MySQL can be found at site.

  `Writing MySQL Scripts with Python DB-API <http://www.kitebird.com/articles/pydbapi.html>`_
   This is a good starting point for writing scripts using MySQLdb API.


Installing OntoNotes DB Tool
----------------------------

Once you have the dependencies installed, we can install the OntoNotes
DB Tool.  It follows the standard Python module distribution
guidelines and uses the Python ``distutils`` package.  After you
have installed the above mentioned dependencies, you can install the
OntoNotes DB Tool by running:

.. code-block:: bash

  $ python setup.py install

.. seealso::

  `Installing Python Modules <http://docs.python.org/inst/inst.html>`_
   Documentation on how to install Python modules
