---------------------------------
Introduction to OntoNotes DB Tool
---------------------------------

Purpose
-------

The OntoNotes DB Tool provides code for working with the ontonotes
data, including building and accessing the relational database.  The
linked tables of the database store a text corpus along with the
layers of annotation specifying syntactic structure, propositional
structure, word senses for nouns and verbs, and the coreference
between entities mentioned in the text. [FIXME: this should say
something about name, parallel, and lemma banks]

Also included are functions that extract particular views of the
merged data.  Each of the individual input annotation formats, which
was used in building the database, can also be extracted as a view.
There is also a combined "OntoNotes Normal Form" view that includes
all of the layers in a version intended for human review.

In addition to the top-level routines used to build the database and
to extract views, the DB Tool provides an API with access to each of
the individual tables, allowing users to construct many kinds of
database queries more conveniently than would be possible in raw SQL,
especially for defining new views.

Platforms
---------

The OntoNotes DB Tool was built with cross-platform compatibility in
mind, and therefore all the core components of the system as well as
the external libraries that were used are themselves available for
multiple platforms -- at least for Linux/Unix and Windows.  Given the
limited resource availability during development, however, all
development was done in the Linux environment and we could not
throughly test the distribution across other platforms.  It would be
quite surprising if it does not work out of the box, or with a few
minor tweaks in a Windows environment.  The majority of the code is
written in Python.  The version used for development was Python 2.5.1.

Since this is a software in its Beta release and has not been
thoroughly tested, it is quite likely that it has bugs in it.  Please
refer to :ref:`reporting-bugs` for more details in how to go
about reporting bugs that you might find.

.. seealso:: 

  `The OntoNotes Project <http://www.bbn.com/NLP/OntoNotes>`_
  The official OntoNotes project webpage, with details about the                       
  individual components, latest developments, etc. 
